Usage: python3 DPLL.py .\CNF\<filename> <literal> [+UCH]

Note: <literal> and [+UCH] are optional

Example: python3 DPLL.py .\CNF\sample.cnf +UCH

How it Works:
This program works by taking in a list of clasues and a model that is representative of the variable assignments. The DPLL algorithm first checks if all clauses are true with the current model or if any clause is false within the model. Respectfully, the algorithm will know whether or not to return the model immedialety or if it would be unsatisfiable. The Unit Clause Heuristic attempts to find a clause that has only one unassigned liteal and assign it a value so that the clause becomes true. It iterates over the clauses and tracks the false literals and unassigned literals. Then, it iterates over the literals and determines whether or not a variable is assigned False or not, if it is the false counter will be incremented. After checking all the literals within a clause, it is determined whether the clause is a unit clause with the current model, this will only be the case if all but one of the literals are false and there is exactly one unassigned literal. If these conditions are met, the unassigned literal found is the only thing that can make the clause satisfiable, so then we assign that literal a 1 or -1. Within the code, if a literal is unasssigned, it will be given a value of 1 (True) or -1 (False) recursively calling the DPLL function to determine if the assignment leads to a satisfiable solution. Backtacking will occur if neither assignment leads to a solution.